readme: add "features" section (#909)
go-critic/go-critic: README.md

[pr-welcome-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg
[pr-welcome-url]: https://github.com/go-critic/go-critic/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

Highly extensible Go source code linter providing checks currently missing from other linters.

![Logo](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/40007520?s=400&u=b44287d8845a63fb0102d5259710c11ea367bb13&v=4)

There is never too much static code analysis. Try it out.

## Features

> * Almost hundred of diagnostics that check for [bugs](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-diagnostic-group), [performance](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-performance-group) and [style](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-style-group) issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Almost 100 diagnostics that check for [bugs](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-diagnostic-group), [performance](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-performance-group) and [style](https://go-critic.github.io/overview#checkers-from-the-style-group) issues
```
